We may observe that mobile apps are becoming increasingly significant in people's lives in the modern world. A designer must recognize if they are moving in the correct direction or not given the immense challenges they face from all over the world. The application designers may need to find out how to stay in their current position in order to maintain this income and their standing in the market. A dataset including 10,000 Play Store applications is available for Android market analysis. It can be looked at to analyze several categories, including those for tools, music, cameras, families, communication, and entertainment. In this project, we look at the many data set attributes that influence the application's popularity. We concentrated on providing answers to issues such as what makes an app popular, how big and how much it should cost, and whether there are any patterns in the attitudes of its users. Two csv files are included in our data collection for data analysis: Play Store information User Reviews Initially, we examined the data from the play store, which consisted of 10841 rows and 13 columns, and the user review data, which had 64295 rows and 5 columns. We must extract as much information as possible from the data to aid in our research of the most desirable app kind and in comparing various insights. Our objective is to better understand the EDA in relation to the final data by filtering and creating charts accordingly. The data must be examined and analyzed in order to identify the critical elements influencing app success and engagement.
